If I work with you, everything will be fine, and I will work hard.

Why are you such a dumb asshole?

-Shanza
Shanza, how has everything been so far?
Is your son fine?
I had an accident and was receiving treatment for a long time.
But I'm fine now.
I just finished treatment and will be freelancing again from now on.
Our partnership was very deep.
So I again want to restore it.
I will try hard and live up to your expectations as before. 


nice to meet you
im kalvin
im from Hong Kong
I have an offer that you can earn money easily.
do you interest this?

Hi
Sorry for interrupting.
I'm Kalvin Son, living in China.

I will talk about a nice proposal that can earn money with you.

I'm a senior full-stack developer with 10+ years of experience.
I'm trying to work by signing up for an account with your identity because I can't make much money if I sign up for an account with my hong kong identity.
I hope to rent a Freelancer.com or Upwork.com account for a long time.
If you rent an account for me, we will get a nice income together.
By using the Freelancer account you verified, I can earn 1000–3000$ in the first month, and then I can earn 2000–6000$ per month.
If you rent out a Freelancer account for me and give me the necessary assistance, such as AnyDesk, Payoneer, Telegram, and LinkedIn, I will give you 20% of my income.
If you don't know how to do it, I can teach it.
I want to work with a good partner for a long time.
If you are interested in my suggestion, don't hesitate to contact me any time.

My email address is kalvinson961010@gmail.com
Skype: live:.cid.d04f9ad005ea07b2
Telegram: @topfull09_09stackdev
Discord: top09-09dev
Slack: topfulldevstack.slack.com
Thanks for your reading.
I'm sorry again.


I guess so too

I learned about you from Raphael.
You are a broker, are you not?
I want to contract with you as he contracted with you.


Ago 2 years I had a car accident, I just finished treatment and will be freelancing again from now on.


Do you like the backend design and quality?
And does it work properly?
I'm glad you like it.
I have a suggestion.
I put a lot of work into building the backend (for quality and structure).
Do you like it?
Then I'd like to release it here and move on to price per page.
Because I spent too much time and effort for just $5.
So I haven't received review and star, and I've been working too long, so my income this month is a mess.
I would be very grateful if you would give me a good review, stars, and release $5.
Then, our cooperation will become deeper and I will work harder for the party.