Let me help you.
Let me give you some advice.
Let me show you how.

In this program, I`ll be finding out...

What the current BBC Learning English team members were doing ten years ago...

when the site first launched.

How was your nap?
How was your vacation?
It`s a disaster.
I doubt we`ll ever finish.
It couldn`t be better!
I barely have time to sit down.
I`m just glad it`s over.

I`m envious of your English level.
What I mean is that we`d better involve higher-graded members.
Thanks to the boss, we bought several computers today; let`s see who gets a better one.
Electronics products go in unknown choice.
As you see, it`s that easy, don`t worry.
If you go on in that way, anything is possible to study.
You can`t grab all this at your first step.
I don`t know what`s going on.
How`s your progress? just so so.
I`m now just eating bread and it tastes very delicious. Have a try.
Nutrition also comes important in studying.
How many months will you allow we for your proposed item?
It`s enough to complete this task in 3 hours.
What kind of methods are you gonna introduce in the fingerprint project I proposed to you?


Ago 2 years I had a car accident, I just finished treatment and will be freelancing again from now on.


WHAT DO MONEY LOVE?

You dream of wealth, a beautiful and rich life, work hard, but money still doesn't come into your life? Perhaps you simply don't know how to "pamper" money and don't understand what they love.

TOP-8 RULES FOR DEALING WITH MONEY:

✅ Money should always be in motion. Spend it easily and with pleasure, without any regret. The easier you let go of money, the easier it will come back to you.

✅ Money can and should be saved. But not for the sake of saving itself and definitely not out of fear for the future—"just in case." Money should be saved only for an important goal.

✅ Always pay back your debts. Any overdue debt is a powerful energy drain, where all your efforts to become wealthy and successful will disappear.

✅ Money loves honesty. This is a prerequisite for stable growth and connecting to the energy of prosperity. Money does not like envy and tends to avoid those who covet others' wealth.

✅ Money loves silence. This is why you shouldn’t boast about your wealth or discuss your financial plans with others.

✅ Money doesn’t like to be treated disrespectfully, especially when it is scorned or ridiculed.

✅ Money appreciates a bit of pampering. It thinks that this is a sign of love. Try it; it really works!