title: I am looking for an account.
Hi!
I'm a senior full-stack developer.
However, I have been working for the company so far; from now on, I will work as a freelancer.
I hope to rent your Freelancer & Upwork account for a long time.
If you choose me, I'll pay 10% of income.
If you contact me, we'll talk about more details.

my Skype Name: live:.cid.7acb037e2f340c16
   Telegram: @top09dev
   Discord: top09_09dev

-playerup.com
Hi, how are you feeling today?
I want to rent your account.

Hello, nice to meet you.
I would want a Freelancer or Upwork account.
Thank you if you help me.
I look forward to hearing from you.
So I want to chat with you.
Sorry for the wait; I am swamped.
Then the freelancer account is fine.
I am sorry, I have been going to the toilet.
joining
Please accept.
My situation is not good.
First, I will pay later in a week.
I hope I will meet you for a more pleasant task next time.
I am sorry, I have just been scammed, and my kid is being deseased.
I will reward you with my efforts.
I will do my best to satisfy you.
I will try hard to satisfy your belief.
Let`s succeed together to go trustworthy.
I will keep on being trustworthy; you will receive $40 later on a week.
Sorry for the inconvenience.






I want to rent a FREELANCER account as follows:

In step 1, we work together to create a new FREELANCER account.
We create an account using the partner's identity information and my SKILLS and WORK EXPERIENCE, and the partner goes through all the necessary verifications.

In step 2, if the partner does not have a PAYONEER account with his or her identity information, he create a new one.

In step 3, I start the work by managing only the FREELANCER account.
In this case, the password for the FREELANCER account is the same as when it was created, and the partner can also enter the account and check the account status when necessary.
The partner must guarantee me 24/7 computer work conditions by using ANYDESK.
Once the work is started and I earn more than $200, I give $200 to the partner and move on to step 4.

In step 4, since a certain level of trust has already been established between the partner and me,
I receive the PAYONEER account and the EMAIL used to create it from the partner. And I will change the password of the PAYONEER account to a new one and manage the account by myself, and from this time on, I will pay the partner a monthly fee of $150.
Also, I will open a TELEGRAM channel using the partner's phone number and open the necessary communication channel using the partner's EMAIL.

This is a plan I came up with because there are many scam acts in the account rental market, so please read it carefully and if you agree, please contact me.

Prices of $200 and $150 can be adjusted by mutual agreement depending on the partner's region and conditions.

My Skype Name: live:.cid.b84fa9c090aeafec, live:.cid.a0747fd3e6245b1, live:.cid.6ec1b7a527efd204
