I`m writing to inform you that we received our order today.
In response to your request, I`m forwarding the research report.
I`m attaching our business plan.
I have forwarded your email to my accountant.
Could you please forward this email to your clients?
Please contact me if you have any questions.
We look forward to your favorable reply.
Unfortunately, we haven`t received your answer yet.
Thank you for the quick reply.
We apologize for shipping the wrong items.
Congratulations on your company`s 100th anniversary.
I was so sorry to hear about your accident.
You are cordially invited to a special showing of our new furniture line.
I would be delighted to attend the demonstration of your new line of products.
Would it be convenient to visit you on April 1 at 10:00 am?
We specialize in consulting manufacturers.
We hope that you will take advantage of our clearance sale.
I thought you might be interested in hearing about the sales of our subsidiaries.
We are interested in a joint venture project with your company.
I`m writing to inquire about the IT World convention.
Will you please send me a copy of your product catalog?
I can confirm the companies that will supply the parts.
Further to our phone conversation yesterday, I`m sending you our price list.
We are pleased to announce our 50th anniversary.
With reference to your mail-order catalog, I would like to order the following items.
Please check on the status of my recent order.
Would it be possible to get a discount on bulk orders?
We regret to inform you that a full refund is not a possible option.
I would like to cancel the order that I made this morning.
Do you have any idea how we can save on our shipment cost?
After reviewing your proposal, we've decided to give it serious consideration.
We are happy to accept the credit terms for our purchases.
We are pleased to tell you that our board has approved your proposal.
I appreciate your offer, but we`ve decided to go with another vendor.
Would you please reconsider our proposal?
We found out that your products have serious defects.
If you can offer us bulk order discounts, we are willing to make the order.
We would like to sign the contract as soon as possible.
If you are satisfied with our business plan, please send us your letter of intent.
I am writing to complain about your product quickly control.
I have difficulty understanding how my order still hasn`t arrived.
I am very worried about the delays we`ve been experiencing with your payments.
I must insist that you take immediate action to correct this problem.
If we do not receive adequate compensation, I will be forced to take legal action.
Thank you for bringing to our attention the overdue payments.
We have been forced to increase our prices, owing to the rise in raw material costs.
We are sorry to hear that you haven`t received replacement parts, but our records show that they were sent at the end of last month.
We expect to correct our accounting errors by tomorrow.
This is a reminder to inform you that your account has been overdue for two months.
Would you allow us to put off the delivery date?


I want to work with the best company in advertising.
I felt that this was the right place for my experience and skills.
I really want the opportunity to develop more.
I want to leave because the advancement opportunities aren`t there.
I`d have to say landing the TDK contract was the best thing I`ve ever done.
It was a tough decision, but I had to do what was best for my team.
I opened the door for BMS company to market its products overseas.
The first thing I try to find out is what makes them tick.
I think the most important thing is to clarify goals.
I always try to take the most difficult tasks of a project first.
I think he would say that I was a valued member of his team.
I like to be proud of what I do.
If I could do all that, I`m sure I would be recognized in my field.
I think I could get a lot more accomplished working as a part of a team.
If I come across a conflict, I look for positive solutions.
The experience taught me what to do in a team environment.
I think a leader is someone who can get the most out of his people.
A leader must treat everyone fairly and must have integrity.
I think setting an example is very important.
I never miss deadlines for my job, because I don`t want my workers to miss them.
I would make sure all my clients the mistakes as soon as possible.
If you make a mistake, the best thing to do is to be honest.
I think it would be where people are treated as fairly as possible.
I want to work in a competitive environment.
I work hard because of my loved ones.
To me, a successful career translates to a happy family.
Hopefully, in 5 years, I will be at the management level.
My long-term objectives involve gaining experience in the field of Industrial Engineering.
I`m good at motivating a team.
My biggest weakness is that I don`t like missing deadlines.
I`m very outgoing and I like people.
I was born in Shenyang but grew up in Changchun for most of my life.
I come from an average middle-class family.
At the time, I despised my father, but now I am really thankful.
I`ve been watching football programs since I was in middle school.
I`ve always wanted to become an inventor.
I felt I needed to learn the basics, so I chose electrical engineering.
Knowing how to speak in front of an audience has been immensely helpful.
Outside of business, I really enjoy hiking.
First of all, I would spend lots of time with my family.
I would like to do something to help the less fortunate.
I recently read a book by Spencer Johnson.
That really motivated me to work harder.
I really owe a lot to that book because I know I can succeed in my life.
I read a lot of books to develop myself.
What I want to do most in my life is to become happy.
I want to have the earning power so I can enjoy my retirement.
He not only motivated me but I also changed the way I live.


I like to be proud of what I do.
If I could do all that, I`m sure I would be recognized in my field.
I think I could get a lot more accomplished working as a part of a team.
If I come across a conflict, I look for positive solutions.
The experience taught me what to do in a team environment.
I think a leader is someone who can get the most out of his people.
A leader must treat everyone fairly and must have integrity.
I think setting an example is very important.
I never miss deadlines for my job, because I don`t want my workers to miss them.
I would make sure all my clients the mistakes as soon as possible.
If you make a mistake, the best thing to do is to be honest.
I think it would be where people are treated as fairly as possible.
I want to work in a competitive environment.
I work hard because of my loved ones.
To me, a successful career translates to a happy family.
Hopefully, in 5 years, I will be at the management level.
My long-term objectives involve gaining experience in the field of Industrial Engineering.
I`m good at motivating a team.
My biggest weakness is that I don`t like missing deadlines.
I`m very outgoing and I like people.
I was born in Nampho but grew up in Pyongyang for most of my life.
I come from an average middle-class family.
At the time, I despised my father, but now I am really thankful.
I`ve been watching football programs since I was in middle school.
I`ve always wanted to become an inventor.
I felt I needed to learn the basics, so I chose electrical engineering.
Knowing how to speak in front of an audience has been immensely helpful.
Outside of business, I really enjoy hiking.
First of all, I would spend lots of time with my family.
I would like to do something to help the less fortunate.
I recently read a book by Spencer Johnson.
That really motivated me to work harder.
I really owe a lot to that book because I know I can succeed in my life.
I read a lot of books to develop myself.
What I want to do most in my life is to become happy.
I want to have the earning power so I can enjoy my retirement.
He not only motivated me but I also changed the way I live.


I`m delighted to introduce our new line of products today.
My name is John Walters, and I`m in charge of product design.
Let me explain the four musts of choosing a good overseas distributor.
I`ve divided my talk into three parts: First, the overview of the project, then the financial aspects, and finally our projections.
This presentation will take about 20 minutes.
Please interrupt us at any time if you have any questions.
I`m going to start with a brief overview of our core business.
Now that we`ve covered the advantage, let`s move on to expenses.
Let`s move on to the next part.
My final topic is on increasing output.
I`ll briefly summarize the main points of the takeover offer.
So that concludes the financial aspects of the project.
Before I wrap up my talk, are there any questions about our payment structure?
In closing, I would like to propose the following.
According to the latest reports, we hold 25% of the auto market.
A good example of that is Japan`s real estate bubble bursting.
Experts estimate that crude oil prices could reach $50 a barrel.
If you compare their services and ours, you can see why we`re better.
Let me illustrate this point with some hard facts and figures.
Please take a look at the pie chart on the screen.
As you can see from this graph, our profit`s been increasing steadily.
The bar graph on the right shows our export revenues.
The vertical line represents the market share, and the horizontal line represents sales volume.
The next step will be finding appropriate construction sites.
By the way, you may have seen articles about this project.
This survey was based on interviews with 500 executives.
If you look at this chart, you`ll see our target markets.
On the other hand, their beers are much more bitter than ours.
Depending on how the customers react, there are a few steps we can take.
There are three things to consider in choosing the site; first, transportation, second, labor costs, and third, local and state taxes.
Contrary to popular belief, we expect significant growth in our industry.
There are many differences between their product and ours.
That means we can expect our market share to improve.
We should pay close attention to interest movement.
As a result, we were able to grow 25% annually.
We expect demand to increase by 50% over the next few years.
We`re forecasting a significant decrease in our exports to South America.
Our agricultural products account for 25% of our sales.
In credibly, our profits grew two-fold annually for the past ten years.
Consumer spending fell drastically last year.
We are a leading biochemical products manufacturer in Asia.
X Computer Center was established in 1990.
We specialize in educating and training English teachers.
We have been in this industry for more than 10 years.
K corp. is committed to providing the highest quality high-end products for women.
The K Group consists of seven autonomous companies.
Our revenue reached $575 million in 2003 - a 45% increase over the past year.
We expect our revenue to grow by 27% annually.
K Group`s goal is to become the leading tire manufacturer.
We are planning to expand into North American markets in the near future.