Speaking in bidding a task.
I have read the explanation of your project in detail.
As you can see all the functions you want to realize in my profile, I have already experienced it working on XXX project.
If you hire me for this project, you will have a chance to get to know another talented and trustworthy.
I have a good idea to make this project better.
I have a good solution to make this project better.
It is the most important to resolve XXX in this project.
As you can see in my background, I have much experience and assets in this field.
So if I add some modification to that, you can surely get what you want.
Although you don`t choose me, I want you to meet another talented and experienced programmer to complete this project perfectly.
You will get to know another trustworthy and talented programmer by choosing me and I will be honored to complete another task perfectly.
In particular, I will be honored to make this project successful for a nice customer.
I guarantee the qualification of my result and try hard to satisfy customers.



Speaking in starting the task.
Before starting the task, I want you to give me the range of the tasks and deadlines in more detail.
The task is not clear to me yet.
When do you want me to send the result?
I`d like you to implement the payment form as you said in the task.
It is better to set the payment form in the budget to 30$ per hour. Then, it gives me a benefit to my working background.
The project is not so big and the period is short. So, it is fine to pay through 3 steps.
In step 1, I will study the task to choose a preliminary solution plan to send the draft.
If the plan is satisfied, please pay 1/3 of the total pay amount.
In step 2, I will send the most important part of the functions required, namely XXX and YYY.
Then, I want you to pay another 1/3 of the total amount.
Please, send the rest of the pay amount if all the functions realized satisfy you. Of course, if you are satisfied with the top point, you can give me some bonus, won`t you?
Then, I will appreciate your kindness and gentleness.



Speaking while Performing the task.
I`d like you to give me a document for your requirements.
I`ll send the discussed stuff on the document. If you are not satisfied, let me know what it is.
It takes more time to realize all the functions you require.
4 days(32 hours) for A function, 6 days(48 hours) for B function ... to sum up, it takes 10 days to complete.
To be sure, 3 days are enough to make these functions act primarily.
However, it takes more time to finish it perfectly in the qualification you want.
As long as you want to realize perfectly just some of those functions, I can make it for a shorter time.
I think some of them are not necessarily required.
I am going to realize this task in the following sequence.
Some functions should be tested after other functions are finished so that I will leave them to complete later on.
I am going to realize the functions in necessary and high-level sequence. As the functions are finished, I will inform you.
I will inform you of the ongoing project situation once a week or twice a week by email or message.
I didn`t take time for the project in this week. Next week I will make up for lost time.
As working on this function, I found the wrong point as follows.



Speaking in ending the task.
I am glad to meet another nice and gentle customer like you through this project.
In addition, I am very pleased to finish this project successfully.
I am happy that your business is on the new step and I made another my result.
Although this project is not so big and the level is not high, I experienced much through this project.
Through this project I met another new friend and I get much assistance from you.
In the future, I wish the better chance between you and me.
Trust worthy customer
Sincerely, excellent programmer.



Speaking in failing the task.
It is a shame that the project has gone to failure.
This project is not only a high-level one but also a short-period one. Moreover, the time was wasted by several factors. (the requirement was not clear and the requirement was not defined.)
In addition, the working conditions were not perfect and a lot of work overlapped each other so I didn`t take time to program this project.
I experienced much through this project although this project has not been finished.
I have got many references on how to finish this type of project in the future.
I hope that I will meet you in a more pleased task next time.